_pages/andrea.md, before:

---
permalink: /andrea/
title: "About Andrea"
excerpt: "Together is something set up by someone."
layouts_gallery:
  - url: /assets/images/mm-layout-splash.png
    image_path: /assets/images/mm-layout-splash.png
    alt: "splash layout example"
  - url: /assets/images/mm-layout-single-meta.png
    image_path: /assets/images/mm-layout-single-meta.png
    alt: "single layout with comments and related posts"
  - url: /assets/images/mm-layout-archive.png
    image_path: /assets/images/mm-layout-archive.png
    alt: "archive layout example"
last_modified_at: 2020-05-01T10:15:22-04:00
toc: false
---



![image-left]({{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}/assets/images/andrea.jpg){: .align-left} As a child I was identified as having Noonan Syndrome and also have a younger brother who has Down’s Syndrome. I believe that my life experiences have shaped not only my personal life but also my career choices. Growing up with my brother inspired me to volunteer with special needs social and drama groups from my early teens and into my 20s. Having Noonan Syndrome means that I have a variety of specific learning difficulties, as well as some health needs that have all had an impact, not only on my life but also on that of my family. Because of this I have a great interest in the education and wider social life of people who have special educational needs or rare conditions. Having grown up in a family where 2 children had significant health or learning needs has given me insight as to how much of the family dynamics can revolve around this.

I have really loved the 24 years that I have spent in education working as a teacher in mainstream and special schools, as well as Specialist Support Services. It has been a privilege to work in partnership with parents and schools to enable the implementation of appropriate strategies and to positively develop provision. 

Throughout my personal life and professional experience I have often seen how hard it can be to find timely, targeted advice and support. As co-founder of Together I am fortunate to be able to work with a skilled and dedicated team, supporting individuals, families and educational settings, in wider ways, that are truly relevant to them.

Commit message:

about Andrea edits and minor page changes and Together banner

_pages/andrea.md, after:

---
permalink: /andrea/
title: "About Andrea"
excerpt: "Together is something set up by someone."
layouts_gallery:
  - url: /assets/images/mm-layout-splash.png
    image_path: /assets/images/mm-layout-splash.png
    alt: "splash layout example"
  - url: /assets/images/mm-layout-single-meta.png
    image_path: /assets/images/mm-layout-single-meta.png
    alt: "single layout with comments and related posts"
  - url: /assets/images/mm-layout-archive.png
    image_path: /assets/images/mm-layout-archive.png
    alt: "archive layout example"
last_modified_at: 2020-05-01T10:15:22-04:00
toc: false
---



![image-left]({{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}/assets/images/andrea.jpg){: .align-left} My main inspiriation in life is definately my younger brother, Scott, who has Down's Syndrome. As a teenager I also found out that I had Noonan Syndrome and these two life experiences have had a huge impact on me. They have shaped not only my personal life but also my career choices. Growing up with my brother inspired me to volunteer, from my early teens and into my 20s, with some fantastic special needs social and drama groups. Having Noonan Syndrome means that I have a variety of specific learning difficulties, as well as some health needs that have all had an impact, not only on my life but also on that of my family. Having grown up in a family where 2 children had significant health or learning needs has given me insight as to how much of the family dynamics can revolve around this. All of this has made me passionate about the education and wider social life of people who have special educational needs or rare conditions. 

I have really loved the 24 years that I have spent in education working as a teacher in mainstream and special schools, as well as Specialist Support Services. It has been such a privilege to work in partnership with parents, collegues and schools to change thigs for the better. 

But throughout my personal and professional life I have often seen how hard it can be to find timely, targeted advice and support and I do wonder if things can be better. As co-founder of Together I am so fortunate to be able to work with a skilled and dedicated team, supporting people in wider ways than I previuosly could, ways that are truly relevant to those that need us.
