_pages/links.md, before:

---
permalink: /links/
title: "Links"
excerpt: "Links"
layouts_gallery:
  - url: /assets/images/mm-layout-splash.png
    image_path: /assets/images/mm-layout-splash.png
    alt: "splash layout example"
  - url: /assets/images/mm-layout-single-meta.png
    image_path: /assets/images/mm-layout-single-meta.png
    alt: "single layout with comments and related posts"
  - url: /assets/images/mm-layout-archive.png
    image_path: /assets/images/mm-layout-archive.png
    alt: "archive layout example"
last_modified_at: 2020-05-01T10:15:22-04:00
toc: false
---





### Legal Documents 
- [Equality Act 2010](https://www.legislation.gov.uk/ukpga/2010/15/contents) The Equality Act became law in 2010. It covers everyone in Britain and protects people from discrimination, harassment and victimisation. 
### Official Support Groups
- [Genetic Allaince UK](https://geneticalliance.org.uk/about-us/) -- the national charity working to improve the lives of patients and families affected by genetic, rare and undiagnosed conditions
- [SWAN UK Syndromes without a name](https://www.undiagnosed.org.uk/) -- a dedicated support network available for families of children and young adults with undiagnosed genetic conditions in the UK
- [Mencap](https://www.mencap.org.uk/) -- Advice and support for individuals with a learning disability and their families
- [National Autistic Society](https://www.autism.org.uk/?gclid=EAIaIQobChMIrIDVwafr6wIVF-DtCh1OawbsEAAYASAAEgK6TfD_BwE) -- The UK's leading charity for Autism support 
- [Autism Westmidlands](https://www.autismwestmidlands.org.uk/) -- The West Midlands based Autism support charity
- [Down's Syndrome Association](https://www.downs-syndrome.org.uk/) -- A national support group for people with Down's Syndrome and their families
- [Noonan Syndrome Association](https://www.noonansyndrome.org.uk/) -- The national support group for people who have Noonan Syndrome and related conditions (on the Ras/MAPK pathway)
- [Shine](https://www.shinecharity.org.uk/) -- Providing specialist advice and support for spina bifida and hydrocephalus across the UK





### Developing Communication:

- [Singing Hands](https://singinghands.co.uk/) -- Find Makaton signed songs with Makaton tutors Suzanne and Tracy
- [Picture Exchange Communication System][https://pecs-unitedkingdom.com/pecs/] -- The Uk branch of Pyramid, developers of PECS SHOULD WE INCLUDE LINKS TO SEVICES THAT NEED TO BE BOUGHT???

Commit message:

adding safeguarding and other edits

_pages/links.md, after:

---
permalink: /links/
title: "Links"
excerpt: "Links"
layouts_gallery:
  - url: /assets/images/mm-layout-splash.png
    image_path: /assets/images/mm-layout-splash.png
    alt: "splash layout example"
  - url: /assets/images/mm-layout-single-meta.png
    image_path: /assets/images/mm-layout-single-meta.png
    alt: "single layout with comments and related posts"
  - url: /assets/images/mm-layout-archive.png
    image_path: /assets/images/mm-layout-archive.png
    alt: "archive layout example"
last_modified_at: 2020-05-01T10:15:22-04:00
toc: false
---

### Legal Documents 

- [Equality Act 2010](https://www.legislation.gov.uk/ukpga/2010/15/contents) -- the Equality Act became law in 2010 and covers everyone in Britain, protecting people from discrimination, harassment and victimisation

### Official Support Groups

- [Genetic Allaince UK](https://geneticalliance.org.uk/about-us/) -- the national charity working to improve the lives of patients and families affected by genetic, rare and undiagnosed conditions
- [SWAN UK Syndromes without a name](https://www.undiagnosed.org.uk/) -- a dedicated support network available for families of children and young adults with undiagnosed genetic conditions in the UK
- [Mencap](https://www.mencap.org.uk/) -- advice and support for individuals with a learning disability and their families
- [Down's Syndrome Association](https://www.downs-syndrome.org.uk/) -- a national support group for people with Down's Syndrome and their families
- [Noonan Syndrome Association](https://www.noonansyndrome.org.uk/) -- the national support group for people who have Noonan Syndrome and related conditions (on the Ras/MAPK pathway)
- [Shine](https://www.shinecharity.org.uk/) -- providing specialist advice and support for spina bifida and hydrocephalus across the UK
- [National Autistic Society](https://www.autism.org.uk) -- the UK's leading charity for Autism support 
- [Autism West Midlands](https://www.autismwestmidlands.org.uk/) -- the West Midlands based Autism support charity
- [Resources for Autism](https://resourcesforautism.org.uk/) -- practical services for children and adults who have autism
- [Ambitious About Autism](https://forum.ambitiousaboutautism.org.uk/talk-about-autism)  UK’s largest online autism community
- [Autism Links](https://www.autismlinks.co.uk/) -- a collection of useful links which cover many areas including money and law, care services, research and publications

### Developing Communication

- [Makaton](https://www.makaton.org/) -- website for a system of signs and symbols to support spoken language
- [Singing Hands](https://singinghands.co.uk/) -- find Makaton signed songs with Makaton tutors Suzanne and Tracy
- [PECS][https://pecs-unitedkingdom.com/] -- a framework for establishing and supporting effective learning environments, also PECS (Picture Exchange Communication System)
- [Widget](www.widgit.com) – the home of Widgit symbols, with free resources and other information
- [Intensive Interaction](https://www.intensiveinteraction.org/) -- developing the fundamentals of communication
- (I CAN)[https://ican.org.uk/i-cans-talking-point/] -- information on children’s communication
- [Communication Matters](https://communicationmatters.org.uk/)  supports people with little or no clear speech
- [The Hanen Center](http://www.hanen.org/) -- programs, workshops, books and DVD resources to support language delays, ASC, Asperger Syndrome and language and literacy development
